the eye for hands when the heart shots
to hit because it's aia strike zone but
what the way you gotta approach it is
you bring your hand down and transfer
weight accelerate the racket head I like
going cross-court on it cuz you have a
more distance on the cross-court will go
over keys first I want you to focus on
how early I set up for his ball the ball
is not bouncing yet there I'm set the
ball bouncing too often people don't set
the racket before the vows they wait for
the ball to bounce and they said the
Rockets too late have your racket to set
before your ball bounces that we keep
springing forward I have a straight back
take back so if you have a loop give
your timer loop now you need to plant
the back foot and transfer weight that's
the biggest key right there I got all my
way in the right foot i pushing up on
the ball but as I push up my I'm turning
my body my hips my shoulders are in line
and I'm moving my hand up big impact you
want impact flat and hit through the
ball on a very light angled plane you're
hanging more horizontal then you hang
down and look at that follow-through
even though my arm comes all the way
down look at the path the ball it's
almost a straight line to the corner
that's what you gotta think about it you
make impact and you push the racket
through the ball for thirteen three
balls and roll this beautiful shot right
here and they three balls in a row
follow the path the ball as flat as
possible to your target zone and then
the full follow-through coming down the
key is to bring the racket through the
ball flat transferring weight from the
top of your shoulder down to your leg
and you'll feel it now that part of your
ball you get a nice pop you have to
exert directly in part to spin don't
just push the racket through you have to
accelerate the racket through early prep
football bounces flat on the impact in
three balls and roll